feat(go): Support GOPROXY (#9150)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Configuration added here applies for all Go-related updates, however currently the only supported package manager for Go is the native Go Modules (the `gomod` manager).

> `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported, though `direct` and `off` keywords will cause fallback to default Renovate fetching strategy (i.e. directly from GitHub, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported, though `direct` and `off` keywords will cause fallback to default Renovate fetching strategy (i.e. directly from GitHub, etc).
```

> For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported, though `direct` and `off` keywords will cause fallback to default Renovate fetching strategy (i.e. directly from GitHub, etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported.
But when you use the `direct` and/or `off` keywords Renovate will fallback to the default fetching strategy (i.e. directly from GitHub, etc).
```

How's this? Is it when you use `direct` _AND_ `off keyword that you get the fallback, or is it also the case that if you use either one of those you get the fallback?

Please check that the suggestion has the correct description of the backend behavior. 😉

Author: Thanks for checking this out!

Renovate's interpretation of `direct` keyword is same, while `off` doesn't make sense for us (we **must** obtain deps somewhere). So, "Renovate will fallback to *its own* default fetching strategy".

Reviewer 2: Thank you for fixing the text. 😄

Configuration added here applies for all Go-related updates, however currently the only supported package manager for Go is the native Go Modules (the `gomod` manager).

For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported.

> But when you use the `direct` or `off` keywords Renovate will fallback to its own fetching strategy (i.e. directly from GitHub, etc).

Reviewer 2: Is this `direct` and `off` keywords related to something from `gomod` manager, or is this Renovate specific.
To me it's not clear what things `direct` and `off` affect, and how/where you use them.

But maybe this is clear right away for somebody who uses `gomod`?

Reviewer 3: Yes, that are go proxy specific values. So anybody who is using these env values should know about them. 😉

Reviewer: I think it should be clear to every one, because not admins need to understand these even if they are not go devs themselves. So let's go overboard on documentation for this

Reviewer 2: @viceice That link you've supplied does not directly mention the `direct` and/or `off` keywords though.

Configuration added here applies for all Go-related updates, however currently the only supported package manager for Go is the native Go Modules (the `gomod` manager).

> For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported ([reference](https://golang.org/ref/mod#module-proxy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported ([reference](https://golang.org/ref/mod#module-proxy)).
```

This needs an extra `)` at the end. 😉
